So even though we were able to update and add books and delete into all sorts of things in our main
screen here, we still have all the books being shown.
So this book here, if you click, looks like they started reading on November six, yet it's still
in our reading list, so we want to add it to our reading now.
And of course, this is showing here because it's the same thing, right?
So we want to structure this a little bit differently.
So how do we make it so that if the book in this case has been started right, we want to show it here.
And if a book was just added, they will be shown around here.
And if the book is finished being read, then we're going to put it somewhere else.
Okay, let's start with restructuring this area here.
Let's go back to our reader home screen.
That's where the magic happens, and we need to go and find our book list area.
Let's go and say Command F. Book List Area.
Let's see.
Well, OK.
So we have a horizontal.
I call it bull.
That's why it's going to be book.
So let's go ahead and refactor this.
It's going to be a book list area like this.
All right, so what do you want to do here because we see that we have a list of books, so this list
of books is just going to be the list of all the books that we have in our database.
OK?
Which is OK.
That's not what we want right now.
What do we need to do is to cipher through this list before we pass it along to be fed in our Aurizon
or scribble here.
So how do we do that?
Well, I'm just going to create a separate variable here called added books, because assuming these
books were just added right, and then I'm going to use all of this book list that is OK.
A list of books they were receiving when a filter and here I'm going to pass a book or an ebook in this
case, and I'm going to pass the predicate, so I'm going to say if a book or any book that is that
starting reading started reading is null and book that finished M book that is that finished reading
is null.
It makes sense what I'm saying here.
All I want to filter through find all the books that started reading is now, meaning they haven't started.
They haven't started reading the book.
And also finished reading is no.
So this will tell me that this book is a new book that was just added, which is the kind of book that
I want to pass along now because this horizontal scrollable component is being called.
Also, you know, reading now area, right?
Because we passing the same thing.
Now I'm going to go inside there and change a few things so that we separate this even further.
What I can also what I'm also going to do, I'm going to pass a view model.
Home screen view model can be helped.
If you model such, I'm going to be using that just to check a few things.
So here is where we can getting those books and passing in and sort of our card pressed into all the
things that we've seen.
Now what I'm going to do here, I'm going to put an if statement to say, if you model that data that
value and get loading state, if it's true, then what I'm going to do, then I'm going to sit and else
there.
If that is true, then here I'm going to say linear progress indicator else.
Check first if our books or list of books in this case.
Is null or empty?
I'm going to pass a little message here, so I'm going to create a surface.
And this special modifier.
Padding about 23 deep.
Then I'm going to add text.
That will say no books found at a book, let's add a little styling as well.
It's a text style.
Right, give it color that red passing the alpha or copy first pass the alpha of about zero point four.
So it's kind of -- red in the -- font weight.
I'm going to add a bold font weight, and let's give a font size of about 14 sb.
So that's inside of this if statement.
And then I'm going to add in an else inside there else.
That's when we get to show all of the books.
It's going to cut all of this and put inside there.
So we've taken care of this book list area, which is this this area here now?
And it's take care of this category where the books are being read.
So it's going to be reading now, let's just go there.
We're going to do the same thing, which is I'm going to filter.
Books by reading now.
How do we do that?
Well, I'm going to say, Val.
Put this reading now, list variable and when to use the list of books that we're getting there.
And I'm going to say filter like what we did before and book like this and then I'm going to check if
an ebook started reading.
It's not know, right?
And book that is not finished.
Reading is not right.
So the idea is that, well, this study of reading shouldn't be null because that tells us this.
They have started reading this book and also want to be sure that finished reading property is novel
because they haven't they haven't finished reading this book, which exactly is what we want.
So this is the list.
Now we're going to pass along here to our horizontal scroll book component to be shown.
You can see how easy all this seems now because we've put together that structure of the database,
that books and everything.
So all we do is just get the data we have the state.
It's got everything that we need.
Now we can just start manipulating, filtering and trying to categorize all of the books into different
categories.
Right.
So let's go ahead and run this real quick so we can see how fluid and make any mistakes and see how
this will look.
Aha!
And you saw there there was that very nice loading.
And that's very good.
And here we are.
So it seems like this is working because this book, if you click, well, nothing is going to happen
because we haven't added a click ability to click event to this yet.
To this top, we'll get there.
So this tells us that this flatter in action it's being read right now.
If you go back here, you can click click this one, OK?
You will see that this.
Finish reading at is no, which is exactly right.
They haven't finished, so that means they're reading because says he has started reading or started
reading at that date.
OK.
And the other book, because we only have two books, the other book, it's going to be at the bottom
list right at the reading list because first of all, they started reading is not because they haven't
started.
And if that's the case, then of course, that book is going to be at the bottom.
If I change this, look at this.
If I just give a rating and start reading an update, we go back.
Voila!
You can see now reading list is empty because there are no books found because we changed this other
one to reading because now we're reading, so it's filtered here.
If I go ahead and add the new book because we can still search wonderful boxing, because that's what
I'm going to learn from now on.
OK, let's take that book and let's save.
Go home.
I love it's showing here because we haven't started reading it or anything, we just added it great.
So it's working.
Now the other thing we need to do is to change the the wording here, because here's your says reading,
which makes sense.
But here we want to change to something else, maybe saying not ready yet.
But before we do that, let's make it so that we can navigate in this reading right now because we don't
have anything yet.
We have this to do.
Let's navigate to that with enough controller to the update screen that is navigate.
Get the route over the years.
Screen's going to update that name and remember, we need to pass that value.
Yes.
So I'm going to say forward slash.
So this is exactly what we did with this other area.
Remember, same thing.
So just take them to the update screen.
So now both of them.
Let's go ahead and Brian real quick so we can see what I'm talking about.
OK, now if I click on this, I should go.
Just like we did before to the update screen and here I'm good Mac marked as red and say something like
wonderful.
And let's go ahead and update go back.
You notice that we don't see that book anymore.
That's good because that is the logic, because it we've read that book and life is good and we'll we'll
we'll get that book at some point at show in the stats screen, but a lot.
So it's working.
Now let's look at changing this reading and this text here, right at the bottom here.
We're not reading this.
We just added, maybe we could say just added perhaps something like that, right?
But here it's fine reading, because that's what we're doing these books that what are we doing with
them?
OK, let's take a look.
All right, so let's click on our horizontal and then go there, we want to go to the actual list card
because that's where the magic happens.
That's where we can see this list card there and we're going to scroll down to see it, says Reading.
So this is this text, so we want to change that.
So first of all, I'm going to create a state here and say, file is started reading, say, remember
and mutable state of false.
So it's going to be Boolean.
That's exactly what we want.
OK.
Say is started reading that value.
I'm going to set that to what?
Well, I'm going to get the book started reading.
Is not no.
So what I'm saying here is, well, I'm going to get the value, whether this is started or not by looking
at the book started reading property.
If it's no that's true, then this is true.
That, I mean, start reading is true.
So depending on that, then I'm going to change the text.
What he will say here?
Put a end in line if statement here, I'm going to say if he started reading that value is true, it
just leave as it is.
I'm going to say he's reading like that is fine.
Else, the text is going to say White not started like this.
Let's save this and give it a run.
And you can see it says they're not started.
Right.
It looks like it's pretty crammed in there instead here that started just changed the do something less
long.
Of course, you can readjust as you wish to do.
I can say not say just let's just say not yet.
Sure, that's fine.
Doesn't matter.
And you can see says not yet.
All right.
So this is working.
And of course, if I get started and update, this is going to be empty because now we've started that
book also.
All right, coming together.
All right, so the next thing we need to do to finalize everything is to make sure that when we click
there, we can go to that screen and we can show the stats in this case.
How many books have been read and so forth?
All right.
Let's go ahead and do that.